today did not go to plan i um
had day shift today so 12 hour shift uh
in ed today
um and usually what i do on these days
is i set my alarm for 4 40 in the
morning and i wake up
and i basically start lifting at 5
o'clock i live to about six 6 15
put in an hour hour and 15 minutes and
then i'll go to work shower and go to
work and whatever prepare lunch and
we'll go to work
this morning a bit of a mess up i didn't
wake up the phone didn't wake me up
so i woke up at 6 15 and all i had time
to do is basically
you know get ready and go to work man
was i pissed off
i have not done something like this in a
very long time
usually training is my number one
priority as soon as i open my eyes i
have to get
you know have to do this because who
knows what can happen later in the day
i come home the family needs me the kids
need me you know
something happens people are coming over
and and it's very very sticky
time because it's it's it's a highly
kind of high traffic time
the pm in the afternoon uh the way i've
made it to 400 and
freaking 50 days is to basically make
priority number one the first thing
wake up take care of your business and
get on with your day so today i'll go to
work without training and i was pissed
off man it took me a few hours kind of
to wash that
frustration away but
uh i basically made sure that when i get
home today
um you know i let my wife knowing that
you know as soon as i get home i'm gonna
get ready and start training
um so that's what i did i started off
with dead lifts this is the talk you
know after a 12 hour
shift in ed standing around for most of
it
you know my body started my mind started
i really wasn't feeling like training
but
you gotta put in the time man you have
to you know put in some sort of
effort towards the the your grand goal
which is you know to get stronger in my
case 300 deadlift 300 squat
um so it was a hard yakka man to to to
get going today
my heart wasn't into it well my heart
was into it but my body wasn't
um i did five sets of 20 with deadlift
40 kilos like i usually do
and even then i wasn't feeling man the
glutes were asleep
uh body was asleep cora was asleep um so
it was it was kind of hard to get around
but i pride myself on these days man i
really do the harder the the
the odds the harder the variables at
hand the more motivated i am man because
you know um successful people man they
they overcome this sort of stuff so i
know that
it's these days that count man it's easy
to train man it's easy to train when
you're up and about and you want to set
a pr that's easy that's effortless man
you just
go about your business go through the
motions of doing it
but when everything is against you and
you know in the warm-up that today and
end happening today is not going to be
an impressive day today is just
basically
just a nothing day you're doing it for
the sake of doing it for the sake of
your mentality
for the sake of the the spirit within
you and that's what today was
but i feel on this stuff man i fear on
it because i know if i can come in on a
day like this
where i'm physically tired i'm mentally
tired i haven't had proper food
proper rest nothing's gone my way and i
can come in here and take care of
business
i know one thing and that's that my
heart is in the right place man
um and it feels good feels good in my
chest um to know that no matter what
i'm in here paying my dues um
like you know it's easy man you rock up
on the day when you feel good
you know it's on the days when you're
feeling crap
but anyway so rough day for me today um
but i got around to it uh 60 kilos
i knew here as well that today is going
to be crappy um and what
ended up happening is because i wasn't
really engaged in my glutes
my legs and whatever i started getting
the tfl discomfort right up a hit um
came back again um you know really on
tonight i should have really warmed up a
freaking hour to loosen everything up
but i didn't so i jumped straight into
100 kilos
a few reps and i knew i knew today
wasn't going to be it so after i did
this i i basically went to 140 and then
one 60 kilo and i basically called it
there and uh
i said to my camera man there's no point
going any further because all i'm really
going to do is just exacerbate
the feeling my glutes are not working up
and i'm loading it up
so it's silly because if the glutes are
not working up
you know there's other muscles jumping
into play and tfl is one of them
tfl likes to internally rotate the hip
um so if the glutes are
really stiff the tfl has to work really
really hard to internally rotate the hip
because
the glutes are external rotated so you
really need fluid
hips glutes in order for the tfl to have
any sort of
chance in balancing out the power so
um anyway it's i mean
on the cover these days are not fun um
but i like i said to you man i really
take pride in getting after these type
of days and here it is
after i did that i basically did some i
think these are called fire hydrants
i wanted to do deadlifts but it's like
freaking 10 o'clock at night nine
o'clock at night
i don't want to be banging making a lot
of noise even though i'm speaking right
now in the garage and probably
waking up the neighbors and whatever but
i don't want to be making too much
racket with you know
banging deadlifts around whatever so i
just opted out to do some sort of loot
work and i did this
anyway guys hopefully tomorrow is a
better day hopefully tomorrow i
get everything in order and then have a
better one i'll catch you guys in the
next one peace